---
aliases:
  - /wiki/Terminology
  - /wiki/Abbreviations
  - /wiki/Galaxy-Slang
  - /wiki/Galaxy-Terminology
categories:
  - Game Mechanics
  - Getting Started
title: Terminology
---

This page explains the different archetypes and terminologies of information related to Galaxy and the purpose of these terminologies, as well as some individual examples of ships, players .etc that fall into each one. Many of these terms are also used by experienced players as slang or shorthand to make strategizing more efficient.

These terms may be seen as Galaxy Jargon to new players, but they save lots of time when communicating an overall strategy.

_Feel free to add your own archetypes and share your information on them. This page is still somewhat outdated in information but gives the general idea._

# Combat Archetypes

Term Description Example

---

**Alpha/Alpha Damage** The amount of damage that a ship deals in a single volley. _"The [Archeon]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Archeon) can deal up to ~1900 Alpha Damage."_ **Balanced** A term used for having a good proportion of Shield and Hull Health/Firepower. _"This ship has a balanced health of 7000/7000"_ **Blindspot** An area of a ship where there is little to no firepower or is obstructed from line of sight. _"The blindspot of the [Apocalypse]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Apocalypse) is its underside."_ **Broadside** A ship that has focus on firepower when facing on its side or that has its spinals shooting sideways (Broadside spinals). _"The [Osiris]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Osiris) focuses on Broadside firepower."_ **DPS** Damage Per Second. The amount of firepower a ship gives out every second consistently. _"The [Astraeus]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Astraeus) has incredible alpha, but you should utilize the [Oblivion]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Oblivion) for high DPS"_ **Glass Cannon** A ship with very powerful weapons at the expense of low health. "_The [Andromeda]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Andromeda) is known for being a glass cannon due to its weaponry, but low health."_ **Hull Breaker** A ship with a large kinetic weapon arsenal like railguns and cannons that allows for quick destruction of enemy hull. "_The [Ridgebreaker]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ridgebreaker) is a famous and widely used hull breaker."_ **Hull DPS** The amount of firepower a ship gives out when a target is Hulled. "_The Hull-DPS of [Stealth Ships]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}stealth-ships) are very high."_ **Hulled** A term used when a Ship has depleted all of its shields. _"That limited ship is hulled!, dive it!"_ **Ideal DPS** _(Different from DPS)_, Is a term used by Developers for measuring a Ship's firepower under ideal conditions which are unlikely to happen all at once in PvP. (e.g. All Shots hit, No Damage Resistance, Shield based weapons hit only shield.) _"Optimal damage primarily used in ship power calculations and developer rebalancing."_ **LoS** Short for Line of Sight. Is a technical term for Ships in which a part or angle of a ship's Turrets and Spinals are unobstructed, "_The [Apocalypse]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Apocalypse) does not have any line of sight underneath"_ **Nuke** Usually done to big ships or bases. This typically involves a big ship with a huge explosive radius. They would usually warp right up to the target and make them shoot them, but when the nuke ship dies, the goal is to take the target with them due to the ship's powerful explosion. _"My limited almost died from a [Nimitz]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Nimitz) nuke..._" **Pest Control Ships/AA** These ships are often equipped with a large arsenal of light or high-accuracy turrets, thus allowing them to destroy fighters easily. _"A swarm of [Pythons]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Python) can be a very effective way of having pest control."_ **Pirate Ship/Pirate** _(Not to be confused with AI [Pirates]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Pirates))_ Pirate ships are ships that are used by players to destroy utility. They often are very small, fast, maneuverable, and able to deal damage quickly. For a complete description and list of examples, see the main page [here]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Pirating). _"The [Astraeus]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Astraeus) is one of the most powerful pirate ships"_ **PvP Ship** PvP ships are fairly large ships designed to deal damage to other large ships, usually in the context of ship to ship combat. They often have high firepower and moderate maneuverability. _"The [Ampharos]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ampharos) is great for repelling Kneall swarmers and Carrier fighters, but the [Warlock]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Warlock) can hold up in a fight with another battleship."_ **Siege Ship** Siege ships are ships designed to deal massive damage to Starbases in a siege. They often have high defense, a large health pool, and very high firepower, but are slow and unable to defend themselves from small ships. _"The [Avalon]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Avalon) is a good siege ship, but requires good aim"_ **Shield Breaker** A ship with a large laser arsenal that allows for quick destruction of enemy shields. _"[Warden]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Warden) is often used as a shield breaker"_ **Shield DPS** The amount of firepower a ship gives out when a target has Shields. _"The [Elanis]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Elanis) has an absurdly high shield dps of 450."_ **[Stealth]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Stealth-Technology)** An extremely fast ship which has a unique property of being nearly invisible both in the [Minimap]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Minimap) and its model. _"Dive that hulled [Judge]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Judgement) with your hull-breaking torpedoes, he can't hit you back"_ **Support ship** A ship that cannot do much alone, but becomes very useful when used alongside other ships or players. _"Many [Carriers]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}carriers) can act as a useful support ship."_ **Swarmer** This type of ship has no commonly used name, and are often referred to as Swarmers, Fighters, Dogfighters or just small ships. These are very fast, very maneuverable ships with low firepower and an emphasis on Spinals. They are often used for fighting one another, called dogfighting, outnumbering and mobbing larger ships, or distracting base lasers. TBA **Swarm** A fleet of many small ships deployed in sieges, PvP, and Pirating. _"A coordinated swarm of [Leechers]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Leecher) destroyed a [Prototype X-1]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Prototype-X-1) once."_ **Tank** A tank is a ship with excellent defensive capabilities and health pools used to absorb damage while other ships stay behind the tank and deal damage. _"[Subjugator]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Subjugator) is one of the best tanks in the game"_ **Volley** The firing of every Turret and Spinal that a ship has at once. "A volley from the _"[Retro Cyclops]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Retro-Cyclops)"_ will pack a punch."

# Behavior Archetypes

Term Description

---

**Awox** Used to name the event in which a person gets backstabbed or betrayed. An example is a member of a clan killing another clan member's ship. **Camper** A player that has a ship with excellent PvP capabilities that remains stationed at a transport hub, usually the Mega Base or another starbase close by to attack traders and unsuspecting miners. **Dive(ing)** Warp to a target and instantly engage, often used as a command. **FC** Short for Fleet Commander. A player who gives orders and issues commands to fleet their commanding, usually a leader of one. **Grind(er)** A miner or trader that has been consistently engaged in mining or trading. Usually targets for pirates. **Gamma Warp/Delta Warp** Warping to a destination or target with inaccuracy. **Kek/Gank** To destroy another ship. **Swarm(ing)** The act of deploying a carrier near a base, deploying fighters to attack the base, then pulling out. A variant of bait and switch. If any weak ships, like miners, are stationed at the target base, they may be destroyed. **Panic-Warp(er)** A player who quickly charges and engages their warp, usually short or far away from their starbase, in an attempt to save their ship from death. This tactic usually results in the Panic-Warper getting Dived. **Vulture** A person in a freighter that loots wrecks that others have destroyed without asking. They generally cause anger among more experienced players, and can be annoying after large sieges or when a boss has been killed. **Clannie** A player who is known for being part of a certain clan.

# Miscellaneous Jargon

Nickname Description

---

**Carnage** A command for a bot found inside the [Galaxy Discord](https://discord.com/invite/KKvnWCT) which tells how much a Ship, Player, or Faction has destroyed ships in credits. **Gamma/Delta** A term most players use as an insult. Basically, the modern-day version of 0 score. **Partshift** A term used by Developers where certain parts of the ships become misaligned from their usual positions over time. **Rc** A nickname for Galaxy's creator; [Rcouret]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Rcouret). **Spinal TP** A type of exploit that would teleport Spinals inside the enemy player, hitting when they shouldn't have. A term used by Players and Admins. L Drawing attention to the misfortune of another player, usually through a major ship loss or an anticheat kick.

# Ship Type Jargon

Term Description

---

**BB** Short for [Battleship]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}battleships). **BC** Short for [Battlecruiser]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}battlecruisers). **Capital/Capital Ship** A [Capital Ship]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}capital-ships) is a ship with a large size commonly found at [Battleship]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}battleships)-class ships and above. **Dread** Short for [Dreadnought]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}dreadnoughts). **SC** Short for [Super Capital]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}super-capital-ships).

# Ship and Starbase Naming Jargon

Nickname Description

---

**Amp(h)** Simplified nickname for [Ampharos]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ampharos). **Andro** Simplified nickname for [Andromeda]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Andromeda). **Anni** Simplified nickname for [Annihilator]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Annihilator). **Apoc** Simplified nickname for [Apocalypse]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Apocalypse). **Arch(e)** Simplified nickname for [Archeon]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Archeon). **Arma** Simplified nickname for [Armageddon]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Armageddon). **Argo** Simplified nickname for [Argonaut]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Argonaut). **Astra** Simplified nickname for [Astraeus]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Astraeus). **Ava** Simplified nickname for [Avalon]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Avalon). **Az** Simplified nickname for [Azreal]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Azreal). **Cata** Simplified nickname for [Catalyst]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Catalyst). **Carv** Simplified nickname for [Carvainir]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Carvainir). **Cy(c)** Simplified nickname for [Cyclops]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Cyclops). **Deci** Simplified nickname for [Alien]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Aliens) Ship [Decimator]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Decimator). **Fatlas** Nickname for [Atlas]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Atlas) from it's size and shape. **FG(al)** Short for [Freedom Galaxy]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Freedom-Galaxy). **Frank** Simplified nickname for [Frankenemi]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Frankenemi). **Hasa** Simplified nickname for [Hasatan]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Hasatan). **Hawk** Simplified nickname for [Hawklight]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Hawklight). **Hyp(e)** Simplified nickname for [Hyperion]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Hyperion). **Imp** Simplified nickname for [Imperator]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Imperator). **Judge** Simplified nickname for [Judgement]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Judgement). **Kodi** Simplified nickname for the [Pirate]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Pirates) boss, [Kodiak]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Kodiak). **Kekblade** Nickname for [Starblade]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Starblade). **Laz** Simplified nickname for [Lazarus]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Lazarus). **Legion** Simplified nickname for [Legionnaire]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Legionnaire). **Levi** Simplified nickname for [Leviathan]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Leviathan). **Loy(al)** Simplified nickname for [Loyalist]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Loyalist). **Luci** Simplified nickname for [Lucifer]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Lucifer). **Meme Class** Nickname for the [M Class]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}M-Class). **MB** Short for [Megabase]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Mega-Base). **Microwave Class** Nickname for the [M Class]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}M-Class) due to its shape. **MS** Short for [Mothership]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Mothership). **Nag(l)** Short for [Naglfar]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Naglfar). **Nem(e)** Short for [Nemesis]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Nemesis). **Oblit** Simplified nickname for [Obliterator]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Obliterator). **Osi** Simplified nickname for [Osiris]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Osiris). **Prom(e)** Simplified nickname for [Prometheus]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Prometheus). **Proto** Simplified nickname for [Prototypes]({{< ref "/categories/" >}}prototypes). **Pun** Simplified nickname for the [Alien]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Aliens) Ship [Punisher]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Punisher). **Retri** Simplified nickname for [Retribution]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Retribution). **Ridge** Simplified nickname for [Ridgebreaker]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ridgebreaker). **Sag(gi)** Simplified Nickname for [Sagittarius]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Sagittarius). **Sent(a)** Simplified Nickname for [Sentaliz]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Sentaliz). **Slip(meme)** Nickname for [Slipstream]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Slipstream). **Sov** Simplified Nickname for [Sovereign]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Sovereign). **Sub** Simplified Nickname for [Subjugator]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Subjugator). **Temp** Simplified nickname for [Tempest]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Tempest). **Tenn** Simplified nickname for [Tennhausen]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Tennhausen). **Toilet brush** Nickname for the [E Class]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}E-Class). **X-1/X1** Shorthand for the [Prototype X-1]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Prototype-X-1). **X-2/X2** Shorthand for the [Prototype X-2]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Prototype-X-2). **X-3/X3** Shorthand for the [Prototype X-3]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Prototype-X-3).

# Ores Jargon

Term Description

---

**Adam** Short for [Adamantite]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores). **Carb** Short for [Carbon]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores). **Common ores** A name for 3 ore types; Silicate, Carbon and Iridium, which are found easily. **Iri(d)** Short for [Iridium]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores). **Pal(la)** Short for [Palladium]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores). **Quan(t)** Short for [Quantium]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores) **Rare ores/ Quarter ores** A name for 4 ore types; Palladium, Titanium, Adamantite and Quantium, which are much more difficult to find. **Sil(i)** Short for [Silicate]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores). **Tita** Short for [Titanium]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores). **Ura(n)** Short for [Uranium]({{< ref "/wiki/" >}}Ores).
