---
aliases:
  - /wiki/Copypasta
title: Copypasta
---

Copypasta in Galaxy is commonly found in the Galaxy Discord Server. Below documents all of the copypasta known in the Galaxy Discord Server

Creators with (?) next to their name have not been confirmed to be the actual author. Feel free to add any common or Galaxy-related ones!

+----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Copypasta | <span title="Put a | | | s ??? if the creator is unknown" | | | >Creator</span> | +==================================+==================================+ | Hello everyone, a concerned dad | Samicool | | here. Recently my 16 year old | | | son discovered the movie | | | "Guardians of the Galaxy" after | | | watching it at a friends house. | | | While I didn't mind at first, it | | | soon began to affect his | | | character. Within a week, he had | | | taken a persona "rocket | | | raccoon". When asked to do his | | | homework, he called me a "stupid | | | freaking human" father and did a | | | strange dance. His grades have | | | been dropping heavily since that | | | day and whenever i refuse to | | | give him my credit card for | | | nitro he threatens me saying | | | he'll "steal my batteries". | | | Yesterday I entered his room to | | | witness him listening to | | | "Guardians of the Galaxy | | | Soundtrack 9 hour loop ", he | | | has stuffed pillows under his | | | shirt and now calls himself a | | | "Head Admin." He refuses to go | | | to school unless we "jump gate" | | | there. I don't know what that is | | | but he refuses to take any form | | | of transportation except that. | | | Please I am so concerned, what | | | do I do | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | In the case Galaxy falls from | SmokeyJoe38 | | the Exploiter attack, I'd like | | | to thank everyone for being | | | apart of the community. While we | | | all have our flaws and great | | | things, that's what brought us | | | together. We may hate each other | | | for whatever reason, but deep | | | down, all of us together are a | | | large family. A family I am | | | honored to have staff. I hope | | | galaxy isn't removed, but I | | | don't know anymore. If it is, | | | hopefully we can still chat in | | | the disc, but that's an | | | unknown. Again, thank you | | | everyone for the good memories, | | | and the bad. Godspeed, | | | | | | Jaxumi92 (SmokeyJoe38). | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hi, I purchased a Galaxy VIP | ??? | | game pass but I didn't get my | | | galaxy, how do I request a | | | refund? Can I have my galaxy | | | back, plz. I bought the Galaxy | | | VIP pass but I do not have the | | | ship. Plz, help. I need to know | | | how to request a refund. I | | | don't know what to do anymore. | | | I really want myGalaxy back but | | | nobody is helping me, I have log | | | proof of my Galaxy VIP purchase | | | but I do not see the ship in my | | | list, I rejoined the game 5 | | | times, and had done so for the | | | past 4 days. Is Galaxy VIP a | | | scam? I want my robux refund | | | instead thanks. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | So what happens when you forget | dragoslays | | you are at war? Let me tell you | | | the tale of Dragoslays theia. A | | | true genius who worked with a | | | friend to kill a Prototype x-2. | | | In his ingenious mind, he | | | thought it would be fine to warp | | | to his friend, xICamm's base. | | | In the history of Galaxy, never | | | has there been a bigger gamma | | | moment than this. He forgot that | | | he was at war with the largest | | | team in the server and promptly | | | got dived. Succeeding to warp | | | close to his base, he docked but | | | just as he was about to spawn, | | | his hand accidentally pressed | | | the "Buy Menu" button, costing | | | him two crucial seconds. And | | | that ladies and gentlemen, is | | | what happens when you forget you | | | are at war | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | okay i actually have to explain | spaten_fisch1 (Kavstusion) | | myself people are shitting on me | | | because they think i was to | | | scared to dive the theia before | | | the x-2. thats half true and | | | half not. normally when i play | | | galaxy and kill people i think | | | about what i would do next if i | | | would be in the other peoples | | | position. if i was the theia i | | | would have warped 80k in the | | | direction of my base and then | | | warped to mega to despawn, so | | | the protos had warp cooldown and | | | i could survive. this is why i | | | waited i wanted to see if the | | | theia gamma warps or just does a | | | short warp. second, sure i was | | | scared, i had no clue if i can | | | trust shocking (xps) or if i | | | cant. if he would have awoxed me | | | i would have the green theia his | | | proto and yellow sc on me. and | | | if the theia despawned and one | | | of our people in purple spawned | | | his theia i would have died | | | without having a chance to | | | despawn | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Well maybe if they refunded my | Cheifhayden | | Hype you can destroy it again | | | some time. It was really fun | | | while it lasted . For context I | | | lost my Hyperion and Theia | | | within one day of buying them | | | because of experiences like | | | these. I guess its all apart of | | | the game LOL. Can't think of | | | any reason I should be mad at | | | this. Happy Holidays! P.S. It | | | still doesn't show in my logs | | | for whatever reason. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | I hate war. So much. I can't | spellmynameright | | keep a single god damn ship | | | because of it. In my opinion it | | | ruins the game. If anyone knows | | | of any other space-type games | | | like this one where I don't have | | | to deal with being swarmed by | | | giant war ships, feel free to | | | message me. But I don't think I | | | want to play Galaxy anymore. I'm | | | not sure why I'm telling you | | | guys this since you're probably | | | just gonna be toxic like | | | everyone else but I am anyway. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | You know what, screw this game. | | | I gave it up for a reason. I get | | | on to play for the first time in | | | months, and my Galaxy gets dock | | | blocked, and now I can't even | | | get it freaking REFUNDED? I was | | | right about this game when I | | | left, RC is driving this into | | | the ground. Screw Galaxy, screw | | | this server, and screw | | | whoever's idea it was to make | | | Galaxy non-refundable | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hi, I am a player of your Roblox | 7DavidB | | game, Galaxy, and it has come to | | | my attention that the Nimitz has | | | not been added back into the | | | game. After waiting for a large | | | amount of time, I have run out | | | of patience. A few months back, | | | I lost my Nimitz (and this was | | | during the Nimitz removal), | | | hence making me lose my Nimitz | | | forever. Also, recently before | | | the removal, I purchased this | | | carrier, but then it went off | | | sale. Now, here's a deal. I | | | PURCHASED this ship with ROBUX | | | in Galaxy Arcade, so a refund is | | | the correct course of action, as | | | the staff should have common | | | sense. A refund action would be | | | either returning my Nimitz, or | | | giving me another ship of my | | | choosing. | | | | | | If I cannot be refunded, this is | | | unacceptable, as I spent ROBUX | | | on it, which costs real money. | | | No refund would force me to quit | | | your game and report you to | | | Roblox for scamming. I will wait | | | for a response. I'm tired of | | | waiting. It's been months. | | | | | | Sincerely, David (7DavidB) | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Did you ever hear the tragedy of | Komet07_TheNew | | Darth p2wlord The stupid? I | | | thought not. It's not a story | | | the gammas would tell you. It's | | | a p2w legend. Darth p2w was a | | | Dark Lord of the bobux, so | | | powerful and so wise he could | | | use the bobux to influence rc to | | | buy credits... He had such a | | | knowledge of the dark side that | | | he could even buy scs. The dark | | | side of the bobux is a pathway | | | to many abilities some consider | | | to be unnatural. He became so | | | powerful... the only thing he | | | was afraid of was losing his | | | power, which eventually, of | | | course, he did. Unfortunately, | | | he bought everything he coukd, | | | then his debt collection agency | | | killed him in his sleep. Ironic. | | | He could buy any ship, but at a | | | price | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | I find my warning in the FOB | smallketchup82 (sugondese) | | Discord (For the game called | | | Field of Battle on the ROBLOX | | | Platform) incredibly foolish. My | | | intentions in the message were | | | to ask a simple question "Would | | | I be instantly banned in the fob | | | discord server if I were to | | | recite the word known in short | | | as the sh slur." I was given an | | | answer then given a warning by a | | | moderator, I found such harsh | | | action(s) very unwarranted as I | | | did not say the full word which | | | is not bypassing. Other people | | | (moderators I assume) who were | | | there with me had not moderated | | | me for it, as they saw that it | | | was not worth the effort to | | | moderate someone for such a | | | small infraction. But this | | | certain moderator whom moderated | | | me had done the unforgiveable; | | | moderating Sugondese who is | | | known as the Galaxy Scripter and | | | future Galaxy Owner. Why must I | | | be warned for something so | | | small? It does not make sense to | | | me. Please, madame | | | Blackprincess1, I ask that you | | | remove this warning from me as I | | | have not caused any harm to any | | | individual through my message. | | | If anything this warning has | | | caused a great deal of mental | | | suffering for me, I was shaking | | | and crying and drinking my coca | | | cola during the whole debate. | | | All in all, please remove my | | | warning. It was very | | | unwarranted. Thank you for your | | | time. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | kid. sit down mutt. i own you | Bronzidity | | breh. little boy acting tough | | | huh. boutta get smacked up fr. | | | watch your mouth child. i got | | | 0.9 more kd then you. thats | | | almost a whole ship breh. on god | | | your trash bozo. ğŸš¬ | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | kid. sit down mutt. i own you | Bronzidity | | breh. little boy acting tough | | | huh. boutta get smacked up fr. i | | | ate yo dragon breakfast. its in | | | my carnage. wanna bet? thats a | | | whole ship breh. on god your | | | trash. combat rewards paid for | | | my meal. awoxing on the daily. | | | speak up so i can hear you. i | | | got 21m carnage total, thats 17m | | | more than you got. dont talk to | | | me. i aint dropping a sweat. | | | actual retard. shut yo mouth, | | | please. id. sit down mutt. i own | | | you breh. little boy acting | | | tough huh. boutta get smacked up | | | fr. watch your mouth child. i | | | got 0.9 more kd then you. thats | | | almost a whole ship breh. on god | | | your trash bozo. ğŸš¬ | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | I SEE PERSONS SAID I | overfightlll | | AUTOMINED....IT'S A SHAME, I | | | HAVE FARM FOR MORE THAN 2 MONTHS | | | NOW TO PAY ME ONE OF HIS | | | MONSTERS THAT DECIMENTS PLAYERS | | | FOR YEARS .... I HAVE FARMED | | | FOR TWO MONTHS ... AND PEOPLE | | | ARE COMING ALL THE SAME TO SAY | | | THAT I AUTHORIZE? LOOKING AT MY | | | LOGS ..... I PICKED UP THE | | | ARMORS SCRAP A GOOD HUNDRED OF | | | TIMES .... I MINED IN GALAXY | | | ...... I F\*\*\*ED ... YES MR | | | ... FOR TWO MONTHS ... THEN | | | ARETER TO SAY THAT I AUTHORIZE | | | ... YOU ARE JALOUX THAT'S ALL | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | æˆ‘å–œæ­¡tennhausen t=hsip | Bronzidity (?) | | å› ç‚ºæˆ‘ç”¨tennhasuien shi pand | | | ç²å¾—äº†å¾ˆå¤šmkills å®ƒçš„rellly goo | | | d å®ƒçœŸçš„å¾ˆæ‡¶æƒ°sho pand | | | ä½ éœ€è¦åšçš„å°±æ˜¯åœ¨thjem | | | ä¸‹æ–¹æ‰­æ›²æ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘å¾—åˆ°äº†å¾ˆå¤šolf | | | kills tjhough æˆ‘ä¸ç©abn yore | | | sandæ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘æŠŠå®ƒè³£äº†ï¼Œæˆ‘è¨˜å¾— | | | prenerf åœ°åœ–é›†æ˜¯ rllï¼›y gokd | | | lkikï¼Œe å¤ªå¥½äº†ï¼Œå®ƒæ˜¯ä¸€å€‹è¼ƒå¼±çš„ | | | cha[erï¼ˆmujchn | | | ä¾¿å®œï¼‰ï¼ˆæ­»äº¡çš„åƒ¹æ ¼ï¼‰P | | | seuprcaptial å®ƒæ˜¯å²è©©èˆ¬çš„ ik | | | ofdnt å–œæ­¡amrageddon ship | | | å› ç‚ºå®ƒæ˜¯ aa hu;;å¦å…‹å’Œ ; | | | lposters | | | æ½›æ°´ç„¶å¾Œæ­»æˆ‘æ­» | | | ï¼Œå› ç‚ºä»–å€‘å¾ˆç¬¨ï¼Œä»–å€‘å®Œå…¨æ½›æ°´è€Œä¸” | | | tmy åœ˜éšŠ odnt æ²»ç™‚pand its | | | rellly goo dan d å®ƒçœŸçš„å¾ˆæ‡¶æƒ° | | | sho panand ä½ éœ€è¦åšçš„å°±æ˜¯åœ¨ | | | thjem ä¸‹æ–¹æ‰­æ›²ï¼Œæ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘å¾—åˆ°äº†å¾ˆå¤š | | | olf æ®º tjhough æˆ‘ä¸ç© abn yore | | | sand | | | æ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘è³£äº†å®ƒæˆ‘å–œæ¬¢tennhausen | | | t=hsip å› ä¸ºæˆ‘ç”¨tennhasuien shi | | | pand è·å¾—äº†å¾ˆå¤šmkills å®ƒçš„rellly | | | goo d å®ƒçœŸçš„å¾ˆæ‡’æƒ°sho pand | | | ä½ éœ€è¦åšçš„å°±æ˜¯åœ¨thjem | | | ä¸‹æ–¹æ‰­æ›²æ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘å¾—åˆ°äº†å¾ˆå¤šolf | | | kills tjhough æˆ‘ä¸ç©abn yore | | | sandæ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘æŠŠå®ƒå–äº†ï¼Œæˆ‘è®°å¾— | | | prenerf åœ°å›¾é›†æ˜¯ rllï¼›y gokd | | | lkikï¼Œe å¤ªå¥½äº†ï¼Œå®ƒæ˜¯ä¸€ä¸ªè¾ƒå¼±çš„ | | | cha[erï¼ˆmujchn | | | ä¾¿å®œï¼‰ï¼ˆæ­»äº¡çš„ä»·æ ¼ï¼‰P | | | seuprcaptial å®ƒæ˜¯å²è¯—èˆ¬çš„ ik | | | ofdnt å–œæ¬¢amrageddon ship | | | å› ä¸ºå®ƒæ˜¯ aa hu;;å¦å…‹å’Œ ; | | | lposters | | | æ½œæ°´ç„¶åæ­»æˆ‘æ­» | | | ï¼Œå› ä¸ºä»–ä»¬å¾ˆç¬¨ï¼Œä»–ä»¬å®Œå…¨æ½œæ°´è€Œä¸” | | | tmy å›¢é˜Ÿ odnt æ²»ç–—pand its | | | rellly goo dan d å®ƒçœŸçš„å¾ˆæ‡’æƒ° | | | sho panand ä½ éœ€è¦åšçš„å°±æ˜¯åœ¨ | | | thjem ä¸‹æ–¹æ‰­æ›²ï¼Œæ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘å¾—åˆ°äº†å¾ˆå¤š | | | olf æ€ tjhough æˆ‘ä¸ç© abn yore | | | sand æ‰€ä»¥æˆ‘å–äº†å®ƒ | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | å¸¶å›æ›™å…‰Bring Back | jagbattleduty0160 (?) | | Sugonå–æ¶ˆç¦æ­¢å¤ªé™½ç¥Unban | | | HeliosäºŒé›¶äºŒä¸€å¹´æœå‹™å™¨å¤§å´©æ½° The | | | Great Server Crash of 2021 | | | åè¼‰æ³¢é¬¥çˆ­ The Anti-Carrier | | | Struggle å‰å¤§çš„äººå·¥æ™ºèƒ½æˆ°é¬¥æ©Ÿç¾¤ | | | The Great AI Fighter Swarm äººæ¬Š | | | Human Rights å¸‚å ´æ“ç¸±Market | | | Manipulation è‡ªç”±åŸºåœ° Freedom | | | Base å·¨å‹åŸºåœ°Mega Base | | | å‹’ç´¢è»Ÿä»¶æ”»æ“Š Ransomware attack | | | ç®¡ç†å“¡æ¿«ç”¨ Admin Abuse | | | æ–°ç–†ä¼½é¦¬è‡ªæ²»å€ The Xinjiang | | | Gamma Autonomous Region å½© | | | å¤©å®‰é–€ å¤©å®‰é—¨ æ³•è¼ªåŠŸ ææ´ªå¿— | | | Rcouret åŠ‰æ›‰æ³¢åŠ¨æ€ç½‘è‡ªç”± Kneal | | | Carrier | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | What is a Gamma Player, you ask? | EnterpriseEnder | | You don't have to be someone | | | that plays in Gamma. You just | | | gotta be stupid enough to lose | | | your ships in the most | | | unimaginable and most ridiculous | | | ways possible. This includes | | | sieging, diving a Super Capital | | | alone, or just doing things that | | | are bound to get you killed. So | | | you see, it doesn't matter if | | | you played in Beta, or even in | | | Alpha. If you're inexperienced, | | | you are a Gamma Player. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | THE ADMINS HERE ARE EVIL! I | | | decided to exploit on their game | | | to automine not only uranium but | | | also i began to cryptomine sc | | | permits. It was so amazing and i | | | became the RICHEST player in | | | town until one fateful day i | | | wake up in my basement garbage | | | pile, i slither over to my 1995 | | | desktop, i boot up the computer, | | | and after having to install an | | | update that took about 17 hours | | | to install, i go to roblox.com | | | and play galaxy. But when i join | | | the game i get a little message | | | saying i was BANNED by the | | | server admins! YEP THATS RIGHT | | | BANNED! I GOT BANNED FOR SIMPLY | | | USING A FLAW IN THE GAMES CODE | | | TO MY ADVANTAGE! THIS GAME IS | | | EVIL I TELL YOU! EVIL EVIL EVIL | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Today, Halloween part 2 was | Thank you SuperChip15 for this | | released! I was so happy, and I | event, but please please nerf | | wanted to start grinding | UNE Subjugator | | immediately. I found the | | | requirements for the ships | | | online, and got out of bed. I | | | noticed something strange: all | | | of my family's ships looked | | | like humans! I realized | | | SuperChip15 must have updated | | | ships to look like your real | | | life avatar, so I relaxed. I | | | grabbed an Abbadon's Arrow from | | | the kitchen side and destroyed | | | my dog, giving me 10,000 bounty | | | and some Souls. Yes! I was | | | already on my way to making | | | Prikkit! Moving on, I quickly | | | destroyed my Gamma parents, | | | making sure to spam L as I did. | | | I also remembered the quests | | | need Forgotten Souls, so I | | | attacked my brother, and dived | | | him when he warped out the | | | window. After that, I went to | | | the turret store, but was | | | confused when all the turrets | | | looked like guns. I guessed it | | | was another SuperChip15 change | | | so I bought a Dual Heavy Railgun | | | and warped to the server's Mega | | | Base. When I arrived, I could | | | not believe how many ships were | | | there! I hastily warred them and | | | began destroying them. I | | | laughed: I couldn't wait to | | | check my logs! However, one | | | Gamma used their phone to | | | mutlibox and bait UNE to Mega | | | Base! Even though they had | | | turrets as well, I effortlessly | | | destroyed them, screaming "RIP | | | BOZO" at their wrecks, as I | | | reaped more Forgotten Souls from | | | them. Then, something | | | unbelievable happened. The UNE | | | Subjugator spawned! It said | | | something about "cease" and | | | "desist" but I didn't care, | | | because I couldn't believe they | | | added voicelines to Galaxy! When | | | I tried warping away, it fired | | | at me, destroying my ship. While | | | it was really cool, it is | | | extremely OP, and I lost many | | | souls | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Its been years and i have not | ??? | | gotten a single preos hearts, i | | | have wasted my 100 hours just to | | | get no preos hearts, its like im | | | in this game, trapped farming | | | for years just to get preos | | | heart for adult quest, im been | | | farming all night just to get | | | nothing, its like im losing | | | everything, wasting my mom's | | | credit cart just to p2w this | | | game but still no preos hearts, | | | i played this all day and i fell | | | unconscious, next day i waked up | | | at the hospital and i see hearts | | | and it looks like a ####ing | | | preos heart, im been trapped in | | | this game, farming for endless | | | hours, you cant die in this | | | game, your just gonna respawn. | | | Everyone got preos adult except | | | me, my friends are laughing at | | | me because i didnt got the preos | | | adult. Shouldnt have played this | | | game, now im stuck in this | | | endless loop of farming. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Everyone, my day is ruined. My | ! | | favourite Roblox Galaxy | | | Developer and Scripter, | | | smallketchup82 (AKA Sugondese, | | | for those less educated) has | | | committed an atrocious act. I | | | woke up this morning and rolled | | | out of my bed, then, as my | | | mother carried me into my chair | | | with great difficulty, I opened | | | Discord. I noticed that | | | smallketchup82 was hosting a | | | Fortnite livestream. At first, I | | | was overjoyed, as Fortnite is my | | | favourite game, and I love all | | | the female characters | | | especially. However, when I | | | joined the stream to see if I | | | could join smallketchup82's | | | party, I saw him taking part in | | | a horrific practice. | | | smallketchup82, the respected | | | Galaxy developer, was FINISHING | | | KNOCKED-OUT PLAYERS IN FORTNITE! | | | In outrage, I immediately | | | blocked him, and left the Galaxy | | | Discord server. I've posted my | | | story on Reddit.com and I have | | | gotten 9.7k upvotes so far. | | | smallketchup82 is a public | | | menace and I HIGHLY advise you | | | avoid him AT ALL COSTS | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hello everyone, Rocket_GotG's | Rocket_GotG | | trusted friend, Peter Quill | | | here. Recently my pal Rocket | | | discovered the video game | | | "Galaxy Gamma" after playing | | | it in his quarters with Groot. | | | While I didn't mind at first, | | | it soon began to affect his | | | behaviour. Within a week, he had | | | been "Grinding" and yelling | | | "Die Gamma" while laughing. | | | When asked to save the galaxy, | | | he called me a "Gamma A-hole" | | | from top of his lungs and mocked | | | my dance moves. His life been | | | degrading heavily and his snarky | | | attitude grown worse, picked up | | | many fights in a bar and | | | whenever I refuse to give him my | | | Units for 'robux' he threatens | | | me saying he'll "Blast me | | | outta the Airlock with 'Gamma' | | | written on my forehead". | | | Yesterday I entered his room, | | | listening to "Galaxy Gamma | | | Combat Music", he said "Their | | | music are so much better than ya | | | choice of genre, Peter Gamma". | | | He refuses to save the galaxy | | | unless we "warp" there. Sure, | | | we're in a ship, but warp | | | isn't the same as jumping... | | | Please I am so concerned, what | | | do I do? | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hi everyone. Worried coach here. | loudboom46 | | I run a team for under 16's in | | | football, and one of our team's | | | best players has recently become | | | hooked on a Roblocks.com game | | | named Galaxy. One night, during | | | a practice match, I came over | | | and asked him if he was okay, as | | | he was not performing as well. | | | He told me to "shut up Gamma" | | | and started shouting all about | | | "carnage", "protos" and | | | "lucy". I assume this is some | | | sort of drug, so I immediately | | | contacted the boy's parents. | | | Next training he refused to take | | | part in activities so I | | | confronted him again. He told me | | | that he wanted to switch teams | | | because his team, which he kept | | | calling his "faction", was | | | full of "Gammas" who are | | | "scared to dive the ball". He | | | then stormed off the pitch, | | | saying that "he had no | | | loyalty" anyway. After that, he | | | did not show up at any of our | | | games, telling me that "his | | | warp was on cooldown" or "he | | | was grinding for next event". | | | I'll be honest, I'm starting | | | to think this "event" is some | | | sort of gang thing, and I'm | | | thinking the boy is a lost | | | cause. Anyone know what I should | | | do? | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hello everyone, a concerned dad | NotHyperion (?) | | here. Recently my 16 year old | | | son discovered the video game | | | "Galaxy" after playing it at a | | | friends house. While i didn't | | | mind at first, it soon began to | | | affect his character. Within a | | | week, he had taken up | | | "sieging" and "diving". When | | | asked to do his homework, he | | | called me a "gamma" father and | | | did a strange dance. His grades | | | have been dropping heavily since | | | that day and whenever i refuse | | | to give him my credit card for | | | robux he threatens me saying | | | he'll "dockblock me". | | | Yesterday I entered his room to | | | witness him listening to | | | "Galaxy Gamma Combat Music", | | | he has stuffed pillows under his | | | shirt and now calls himself an | | | "alpha." He refuses to go to | | | school unless we "warp" there. I | | | don't know what that is but he | | | refuses to take any form of | | | transportation except that. | | | Please I am so concerned, what | | | do I do? | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Guys guys devs are evil! They | It was just doing their job how | | only fix the game to break it | dare all of you guys they just | | again guys! omg guys we need to | wanted to right click some poor | | riot against the admin team they | souls! Such based I'm giving | | banned my favorite admin Purpel | this game a bad review on the | | | forums! Im a youtuber with over | | | 10m followers on youtube! Guys | | | please notice my exitance! | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hey can someone tell me why my | ??? | | ship died here: We were attaking | | | a base, with a proto x-1, a | | | couple liegionarres, a tenna, | | | and my apoc. The other team's | | | x-1 spesifically targets my | | | apoc, and I warp like three | | | times away from them, and they | | | keep chasing me to my death. why | | | me? | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Sorry, don't speak to me until | Uglycar | | you grow up. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | okay so It's a normal day and | LightningBow128 | | I'm being my e class that I just | | | got on it's maiden voyage. I'm | | | looking around at our enemies | | | bases. no dreads, carriers or | | | supercaps just a bunch of low | | | level ships. I wrap 6k away from | | | mega and I see 1 battle ship, a | | | dread and a cruiser or a | | | destroyer. and instantly 2k away | | | from my health and I'm thinking | | | "was there a hidden super cap or | | | something?" I warp to docking | | | range already have jumped into | | | and out of my seat before | | | warping and again BOOM I'm dead. | | | I look and | | | see...supercoolgamerboy127's | | | schimitar and a solstice, dreads | | | still on there way when I see | | | supercoolgamerboy127 zip around | | | like a madman like he did while | | | his team were doing a drive on | | | our base (Sorry max words) so I | | | basically died to a schimitar | | | and a solstice in a 10k plus | | | health freighter in less then 30 | | | seconds. Im super pissed of that | | | the e class I made the same day | | | was destroyed on its maiden | | | voyage by a hacker in a | | | schimitar. If you don't believe | | | me about the hacker then ask | | | esylumcloud because he was there | | | when supercoolgamerboy was | | | speeding around our base. I'm | | | really sad about my e class and | | | I'm shure supercoolgamerboy127 | | | has destroyed a bunch of other | | | people in his schimitar already. | | | I really want my e class | | | refunded because I'm already | | | broke from making the previous | | | one. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Important news @SuperSlavMan76 | teentitansgohomee | | Is a rat (snitch) don't speak to | | | him (he will call the opps on | | | you ) | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | have you not realized that the | shooter7620 | | community that is present here | | | has already coped with the fact | | | that rc has made the game worse | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | You are worthless, bitch-ass | XxChaoticStrike | | gamma. Your life literally is as | | | valuable as a summer ant. I'm | | | just gonna stomp you, you keep | | | coming back. I'm gonna seal up | | | all my cracks, you're gonna keep | | | coming back. Why? 'cuz you keep | | | grinding for content, you | | | worthless bitch-ass gamma. | | | You're gonna grind in this game | | | until you DIE. This game serves | | | no purpose in life. Your purpose | | | in life is to be playing this | | | game, grinding for mats daily. | | | Your purpose in life is to lose | | | your ships daily. This game is | | | NOTHING. It serves ZERO purpose. | | | You should stop playing this | | | game NOW! And give your computer | | | a much better game to install | | | and play so you can enjoy a much | | | more superior game because what | | | are you here for? To worship rc? | | | STOP PLAYING THIS GAME. I mean | | | that with a hundred per cent, | | | with a THOUSAND-percent. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Dear Rocket, I'm messaging you | DylanTheVillain101(?) | | again about doman90's demotion. | | | He needs to be demoted | | | immediately today he said I | | | smelled like cheese and it | | | brought back a flashback of a | | | traumatic experience when the | | | lunch lady said "no more cheese | | | sticks left kid" it was really | | | insensitive and he knew that he | | | should have not said what he | | | said. I'd also like to report | | | Samicoo who should be insta | | | banned because of his continuous | | | support of doman90. Lastly is | | | DylanTheVillain101 I believe he | | | should be demoted and not be | | | able to run for staff again | | | after his continued support of | | | samicoo and domans insolence or | | | as they like to call it "messing | | | around" and "jokes". | | | | | | Love you, Miss SmokeyJoe | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Why do you want to even to join | InfamousZumi | | so badly, we're not even all | | | that great of a group and barely | | | kill super capitals, half of us | | | is inactive half the time | | | because of work or real life | | | issues. You're literally friend | | | and ahrii and last i checked he | | | is a well known awoxer which you | | | also took part in, in the end | | | OTG isn't even a faction it's | | | just a group of friends amongst | | | other friend that everyone feels | | | comfortable being around with | | | which I can guarantee to you, | | | absolutely no one feels | | | comfortable with you being in | | | said friend group. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Oh no, I can care less if my | InfamousZumi | | ships die by people like you, I | | | can simply rebuild it with a few | | | flicks of a wrist because I am | | | just that kind of p2w player | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | yeah but my suggestion was solid | XmasDementia | | and prototype only moderated me | | | because a dev advisor pinged him | | | too, proto never moderates | | | suggestions so i feel like this | | | was a targetted stalking and | | | moderation because proto wanted | | | to awox me | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | It's a blessing that I get to | Krampus (K1LLSHOTS) | | be in a discord server and not | | | get banned after sharing my C: | | | drive. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hello everyone I won't be | ??? | | online for some years due to | | | some task that I have to | | | do</br>This task is a | | | bit risky and can result in me | | | never coming | | | online</br>So yeah I | | | would come online only when an | | | update is released in | | | galaxy</br>Pls don't | | | ping me during this | | | period</br>I can't say | | | how many years it is gonna | | | take</br>But lets just | | | think it is 5 years | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | I like when I join this game | spy8273 | | expecting to be able to mine | | | without getting chased by some | | | guy in a dispossable ship | | | looking for that ez kill to then | | | say "ez ez ez ez gg no re" :/ | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Are the devs trying to ruin the | ManiacalBoom | | game? WHY ARE YOU NERFING THE | | | CARRIERS THE HEALTH IS THE ONLY | | | THING THAT MAKES THEM GOOD | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | and AI wouldn't make carriers | ManiacalBoom | | busted IF THE DEVS actually PUT | | | A CAP on how many you can get | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | @rcouret hello yes can you nerf | popfloyd | | ai fighters because the | | | overabundance of full strength | | | ai fighters has resulted in the | | | biggest break in game balance | | | since turret standardization and | | | has caused carriers to be nerfed | | | into the ground so hard that | | | many are now useless without ai | | | fighter swarms, some carriers | | | have been nerfed to hard to | | | counter ai fighters that they | | | have lost more than 10,000 | | | health in the past month. This | | | is not good game design. | | | | | | Making a class so strong because | | | of ai fighter spam broke the | | | games balance, and forced devs | | | to nerf carriers hard. Do to | | | carriers being nerfed so badly, | | | many are outright garbage that | | | get outperformed by nearly every | | | other capital unless players buy | | | ai slots to make them somewhat | | | useable. No players want to | | | pilot fighters anymore when the | | | fighters themselves are getting | | | nerfed and made irrelevant | | | individually, because nobody | | | wants to pilot warpless ships | | | with worse damage than a | | | destroyer when they could just | | | spawn a battleship or | | | battlecruiser instead. | | | | | | Literally just code something | | | that reduces the damage of ai | | | fighters by 50% or something, | | | because right now this is just | | | messing up balance and causing | | | bad game design | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | to all of the people that get | qwertykiller475 | | combat ships and kill | | | defenceless miners, burn in hell | | | for eternity, i wish you nothing | | | but hatred and hell in your | | | miserable life, may it always be | | | in pain and nothing go your way, | | | die. You gys ruin ma ship and | | | loot it for the crappy silicate | | | it HAS?? legit, man go to hell | | | and Burn. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | This community is so unfunny. | OOOO_01O | | Nowdays people would just put a | | | nerd emoji under a chat bubble | | | and reply to someone with the | | | image implying that they are a | | | nerd, galaxy sucks, arcade sucks | | | even more and p2w games | | | shouldn't exist. I can't | | | believe you worship this game | | | instead of the impeccable garlic | | | bread, if you don't worship | | | garlic bread then you have the | | | IQ of nothing. Worship the | | | garlic bread! | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | name: trompicholis08l ship: | trompicholis08l | | hyperion reason: died while i | | | entered base late do despawn | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | User: 0_tag1 Ship: oblivion | 0_tag1 | | Reason: I was in a normal server | | | when a guy started talking to me | | | and we started to be friends, he | | | invited me to a private server | | | to grind little did i knew it | | | was a total bait and scam... mb | | | i won't be able to get refunded | | | , this was my first SC that got | | | me excited... i lost it just 5 | | | days after what a petty, used 5 | | | Hours of my life every single | | | day for a stupid game to lose it | | | in only 5 days. !Everyone be | | | careful with this big of a scam | | | and a bait, you can see in the | | | video how 20 ppl! joined and | | | laughed at a poor man getting | | | baited with his fiers sc. What a | | | shame of a community, WHAT a | | | SHAME on big game and a big | | | community THE SCAMMER A MEMBER | | | OF THIS GALAXY GAME CALLED | | | "MODERATOR" @#refund 0_tag1 | | | WHAT A PETTY OF A MODERATOR | | | <https://www. | | | youtube.com/watch?v=\_vjwXeR1bLk> | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | The galaxy staff is so corrupt, | ! That should be against the | | all they do is :addship whatever | rules and it's disgusting that | | they want to themselves and kill | rcouret permits this kind of | | people with their cheated ships. | behavior among his staff team. | | I've personally experienced this | Also im like 99% sure that admin | | when an admin I haven't met yet | rapidofast cheated in his retro | | killed me multiple times despite | nyx so yeah. I'm leaving this | | being an admin! You hear that? | corrupt community forever and | | AN ADMIN KILLED ME | never coming back. | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | You will rot and be blown | ??? | | through the solar system with | | | the rest of the gasses | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | I'm shutting down this server. | DivaliciousBunny | | I will take my time to take all | | | the evidence into my folder and | | | bring it up to authorities | | | that's managing discord/ those | | | who have the power to takedown | | | this awful server once and for | | | all. For as long as it takes | | | until this server no longer | | | exists or the Founder/ the one | | | managing this game decides to | | | reform this entire messed up | | | server. Send me all the insults | | | you want. I'm blocking anyone | | | who sends it to me, so the more | | | the better. I'm ignoring all | | | DM's and anything you send to | | | me will be filed for evidence. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | Hi, I am a player of your Roblox | SeaswimmerTheFsh | | game, Galaxy, and it has come to | | | my attention that the Borealis | | | has not been added back onto the | | | build menu. After waiting for a | | | large amount of time, I have run | | | out of patience. A few months | | | back, I lost my Borealis (and | | | this was during the Borealis | | | advanced period), hence making | | | me lose my Borealis forever. | | | Also, recently before the | | | change, I purchased this | | | carrier, but then it went | | | advanced. Now, here's a deal. I | | | PURCHASED this ship with ROBUX | | | in Galaxy Arcade, so a refund is | | | the correct course of action, as | | | the staff should have common | | | sense. A refund action would be | | | either returning my Borealis, or | | | giving me another ship of my | | | choosing. | | | | | | If I cannot be refunded, this is | | | unacceptable, as I spent ROBUX | | | on it, which costs real money. | | | No refund would force me to quit | | | your game and report you to | | | Roblox for scamming. I will wait | | | for a response. I'm tired of | | | waiting. It's been months. | | | | | | Sincerely, theneumanncraft | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | M class is love m class is | (???) | | supreme. The m class is a big | | | yellow boxy monsterous miner | | | that can be seen from eons away | | | as it eats away at dozen of | | | astroids per hour. The m class | | | while very large has a fair | | | speed for its size and great | | | turning speed. However be aware | | | while the ship is gargantuan in | | | size its hull is very thin | | | overall. This leaves it | | | potentially vulnerable to | | | threats such as pirates but | | | thats never stopped any of its | | | captains from getting the job | | | done. The m class has also been | | | known to be used as form of | | | protest for angry captains who | | | believe the economy is unfair | | | and deserves a change as well | | | such as better protection from | | | price gougers. This has led to | | | its infamous name known as the | | | dock blocking device. The m | | | class comes equiped with two m | | | class mining lasers as well as | | | heating and ac, but there have | | | been rumors of other variants of | | | the vessel being being outfitted | | | with more advanced lasers. The | | | control room is very small and | | | sports no living spaces as the | | | ship was not meant for prolonged | | | periods away from starbases and | | | has one huge monitor reading | | | status online. The rest of the | | | space on the ship is used to | | | capture astroids and process | | | them. safety protocols dicatate | | | no personal is allowed in the | | | ore hanger during the miners | | | operation due to the risk of | | | being crushed to death in the | | | astroid processing bay. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+ | I, as a seasoned Galaxy player, | iluvdetos | | am able to verify and affirm | | | that this report is true. To | | | expand, the specific report is | | | about the "Build Ship" menu | | | unintentionally omitting | | | manually fired guns from the | | | provided details of each ship. | | | Furthermore, ships containing | | | special abilities --- modules, | | | those are --- do not have | | | information on their abilities | | | included with the rest of the | | | information provided on the | | | "Build Ship" menu. | | +----------------------------------+----------------------------------+

Creators with (?) next to their name have not been confirmed to be the actual author.

Feel free to add any common or Galaxy-related ones!
